Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[PIGEONS COOING]
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN WAILING]
[TIRES SCREECH]
[HORNS HONKING]
[ELECTRONIC DANCE MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
[MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
OVER PA]
[TRAIN CAR RATTLING]
[NECK CRACKS]
[SNORTS]
[SIGHS]
[TRANSMISSION TURNING OVER.
SPUTTERS]
[TRAIN CAR RATTLING]
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
[WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
OVER PA]
[DANCERS LAUGHING]
[PIANO PLAYING CLASSICAL MUSIC]
[WOMAN GIGGLES]
[WOMAN CLEARS THROAT]
[SNAPPING]
[♪♪♪]
[SPEAKING IN RUSSIAN]
[BUZZING]
[♪♪♪]
[BOTTLES CLANKING]
[DOGS HOWL.
BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[SNIFFLING. CRYING]
[MEOWS]
[BRANCH CRACKING]
[CAT YOWLS. THEN BODY THUDS]
[MUSIC PLAYS SOFTLY
ON RADIO]
[TEAPOT WHISTLING]
[TEAPOT SCRAPES.
WHISTLING STOPS]
[WATER POURING]
[SLURPS]
[CROWD CHEERING.
WHISTLING]
[PIANO PLAYING SCALES]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[DOG BARKING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[LOCKS CLICKING]
[KOFE'S "BALANCE" PLAYING]
[PELLET GUN FIRING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[ORCHESTRA TUNING]
[INHALES SHARPLY. THEN GRUNTS]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[ENGINE REVS]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
[LAUGHS]
[HAIRPIECE JINGLING]
[ORCHESTRA PLAYING "SWAN LAKE"]
[FLOORBOARDS CREAKING]
[GASPS]
["SWAN LAKE" ENDS. THEN
AUDIENCE APPLAUDING. CHEERING]
[BELL DINGS]
[DOOR OPENS. MUSIC PLAYING
SOFTLY ON CAR RADIO]
[TIRES SCREECH]
[CAR DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[CAR DOOR CLOSES]
[WATER GURGLING]
[INSTRUMENTAL "I'M IN
THE MOOD FOR LOVE" PLAYING]
[DOORBELL RINGS]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
[PEOPLE LAUGHING ON TV]
[WOMAN VOCALIZING]
[DULL THUD]
[GROANING]
[DOOR CREAKS]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN.
THEN SLAMS SHUT]
[MAN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY
OVER PA]
[CROWD CHEERING.
WHISTLING]
[BUZZING]
[♪♪♪]
[NUTS CLATTER ON GROUND]
[EVGENY SPITS]
[ALL CHEERING]
[WOMAN VOCALIZING]
[WATER TRICKLING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO]
[MATCH STRIKES]
[WINCES]
[WHISTLING]
[TCHAIKOVSKY'S "THE WALTZ OF
THE SNOWFLAKES" PLAYING ON TV]
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[WATER SLOSHING]
[STATIC CRACKLING]
[KOFE'S "BALANCE" PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
[WIND WHISTLING]
[♪♪♪]
[MICROSCOPE CLICKING]
[SQUEALS]
[GASPS]
[TRAIN CLATTERS]
[MOUSE SQUEALING]
[TRAIN SHATTERING.
THEN MOUSE BODY THUDS]
[EXPLOSION]
[SQUEAKING]
[SQUEAKING WEAKLY]
[♪♪♪]
[CHILD SHUSHES.
THEN ALL GASP]
[GASPS]
[GLASSES SHATTER]
[MULTIPLE NOTES PLAY]
[GASPS]
[COOING]
[CHIRPS]
[COOS]
[GASPS]
[♪♪♪]
[GROWLS]
[HISSES]
[GRUNTS]
[COLIN BREATHING HEAVILY]
[YOWLS]
[CATS MEOWING]
[CATS SCREECHING]
[GASPS]
[SCREAMING]
[PLAYING ATONAL NOTES]
[IN DUTCH]
[GRUNTING]
[GROANS LOUDLY]
[GROANS]
[FOOTSTEPS DESCENDING]
[BEVERLY CRYING.
SNIFFLING]
[CURTAIN RATTLES]
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTING]
BEVERLY [GIGGLING]:
[BEVERLY GASPS. EXCLAIMS]
[GASPS]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[CHILDREN GASP]
[BUZZES]
[IMITATES HORSE WHINNY]
[HORSE WHINNIES]
[♪♪♪]
[VLADIMIR SNORING]
[GROANING SLEEPILY]
[NECK CRACKS]
[GRUNTS]
[GIGGLING]
[SCREAMS JOYFULLY]
[SINGING "THE
INTERNATIONALE]
[RECORD SCRATCH]
[CRIES OUT]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[IN DUTCH]
["LA CUCARACHA" PLAYING]
[NEIGHS]
[BEVERLY GASPS]
[BEVERLY READS ON-SCREEN TEXT]
[SQUEALS]
[SNORING]
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
[EYE RATTLES.
BOUNCING ON FLOOR]
[BOTH PURSING LIPS]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
[CLICKS TONGUE]
[ELECTRONIC DANCE
MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ Come on and shake your ass
Shake your ass. girl ♪
[DOORBELL RINGS. THEN KNOCKING]
[STRAINING]
[GRUNTING]
[BRA RIPS]
[LAUGHS]
[PROGRAM BEEPING]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
[COFFEE SPILLS]
[GROAN ECHOING]
[IN SLOW MOTION]
[GROANING IN SLOW MOTION]
[GROANS]
[SLAP CRACKS]
[IVOR GROANS]
[PANTING]
[COUGHS]
[SNIFFLES. THEN GROANS]
INTERVIEWER:
BERYL [CHUCKLES]
BERYL [CLEARS THROAT]:
INTERVIEWER:
BERYL [CHUCKLES]:
[♪♪♪]
[SEAT BELT ALERT CHIMES]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[PANTING]
[BARKING]
[WHINING]
[DOG PANTING]
BEAST
[♪♪♪]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[DOG PANTING]
[CHILDREN SHOUTING IN DISTANCE]
[RADIO CLICKS ON.
THEN MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY]
[OVEN TIMER DINGS]
[WHINES]
[BUS RATTLING]
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[DOOR OPENS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[LATCH CLANKS]
[RATTLING]
[DISCO MUSIC PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
[DOG BARKS]
[PANTING]
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[DOG BARKS]
[BARKS. THEN WHINING]
[DOG WHINES]
[DOG PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
[MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY ON RADIO]
[DOG WHINES]
[DOG PANTING]
[OVEN TIMER DINGS]
[DOG WHINING]
[BARKING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[LATCH CLANKS]
[♪♪♪]
[BOTTLE CLINKS]
[DISCO MUSIC PLAYING
ON BOOMBOX]
[FOLK MUSIC PLAYING
ON RECORD PLAYER]
[♪♪♪]
[SIREN WAILING
IN DISTANCE]
[CAR DOORS OPEN. CLOSE]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[♪♪♪]
[DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE]
[DOG LICKING]
[♪♪♪]
[OVEN TIMER DINGS]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[INHALES]
[DOG GRUNTING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[♪♪♪]
[CLOCK TICKING LOUDLY]
[DISHES SHATTER]
CHILE'S FIRST
[FEMALE] PARATROOPER
[♪♪♪]
[STATIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKER]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[♪♪♪]
[BEEPING]
[DOG BARKING. WHINING]
[BARKING CONTINUES]
[PHONES RINGING IN DISTANCE]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
[DOOR OPENS.
THEN FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[PEOPLE LAUGHING]
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[♪♪♪]
[GRASS RUSTLING]
[MUFFLED DISCO MUSIC PLAYING]
[♪♪♪]
[DOG BARKS]
[SOFT THUMP]
[LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS]
[DOG BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
[BARKING CONTINUES]
[GUN COCKS]
[GUNSHOT]
[HIGH-PITCHED RINGING]
[♪♪♪]
[SEAT BELT ALERT CHIMES]
[INHALES]
[♪♪♪]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
MAN 1:
[CHUCKLES]
MAN 2:
MAN 1:
WOMAN 1:
[GIRL LAUGHS]
MAN 1:
[LAUGHS]
MAN 2: Right.
[RATTLING.
THEN MUFFLED EXPLOSIONS]
[TOWERS CREAKING]
[GULLS CAWING]
[MAN SNIFFS]
[♪♪♪]
[PHONE CHIMES]
[PEOPLE CHATTERING IN DISTANCE]
[REGISTER BEEPING]
MAN 1:
[MAN 2 LAUGHS]
[WOMAN BREATHING DEEPLY]
[CROWS CAWING]
[TRAFFIC RUMBLING BELOW]
[RAIN PATTERING]
♪ When in gloom ♪
♪ Summertime. oh-oh ♪
♪ You're not supposed
To see me crying ♪
[MAN SINGING FOLK SONG
INDISTINCTLY]
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING
AND STATIC OVER RADIO]
[SATELLITE BEEPING]
[TYPEWRITER
KEYS CLACKING]
[SILENCE]
WOMAN 1:
MAN 1:
♪ When in gloom ♪
♪ Now you're gone... ♪
[WOMAN CLEARING THROAT]
[WOMAN VOCALIZING]
[CAN CLATTERS ON FLOOR]
[TRUMPETS PLAYING
"WEDDING MARCH" ON PHONES]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[LEAVES RUSTLING]
WOMAN 1:
WOMAN 2:
[TRAIN CLACKING]
[EQUIPMENT WHIRRING]
[BRAKES SQUEALING]
[INHALES DEEPLY.
THEN SOUND CUTS OUT]
[TRAIN BRAKES SQUEALING]
[WOMAN SCREAMS]
[PEOPLE CLAMORING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[MUTTERS INDISTINCTLY]
[HACKS. COUGHS. SNIFFS]
[COUGHS. THEN SOBS]
[BUZZES]
[♪♪♪]
WOMAN:
MAN [SIGHS]:
[MAN CHUCKLES]
WOMAN:
MAN:
[MAN CHUCKLES]
WOMAN:
[WOMAN CHUCKLES]
[MAN BREATHING DEEPLY]
♪ I choose you. ooh-ooh ♪
♪ You're divine ♪
[DOOR CREAKS]
♪ Just can't decide ♪
♪ How I should have you
Ooh-ooh ♪
[BUZZES]
[SOKO'S "WE MIGHT BE
DEAD TOMORROW" PLAYING]
♪ Give me all
your love now ♪
♪ 'Cause for
all we know ♪
♪ We might be dead
By tomorrow ♪
♪ I can't go on
Wasting my time ♪
♪ Adding scars
to my heart ♪
♪ 'Cause all I hear is
I'm not ready now ♪
[WOMAN MOANING]
[WOMAN SHOUTS ANGRILY]
MAN: All right. it's over!
[MAN CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
WOMAN:
♪ And I can tell
That you didn't have ♪
♪ To face your mother
Losing her lover ♪
♪ Without
saying goodbye ♪
♪ 'Cause she didn't have time ♪
[MONITOR BEEPING]
[WOMAN BREATHES DEEPLY]
[WOMAN GIGGLES]
♪ I don't want to judge ♪
♪ What's in your heart ♪
♪ But if you're not
Ready for love ♪
♪ How can you be
Ready for life? ♪
[PHONE RINGING]
♪ How can you be
ready for life? ♪
♪ So let's love freely
And let's love loud ♪
♪ Let's love now ♪
♪ 'Cause soon enough
We'll die ♪
[GULLS CAWING.
WIND WHISTLING]
MAN 1:
WOMAN 1:
[PEOPLE CHATTERING
AND DISHES CLINKING]
WOMAN 2:
WOMAN 1:
[CRYING]
[THUNDER]
[RAINING]
[TRAFFIC]
[STIDULATIONS
AND NIGHT ANIMALS SINGING]
[SHOUTING AFAR]
[WIND GUSTING]
[BOAT CRACKING]
[SEA SPLASHING ON BOAT]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[BUZZING]
[FLAPPING]
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]
[SOFT MUSIC]
[GROWLING]
[CHILDREN SCREAMING]
[COUGHING IN THE BACKGROUND]
[RAINING]
[MELANCHOLIC MUSIC]
[CRACKLING]
[♪ ROCK ♪]
[BICYCLE BELL AND HONKING]
[♪♪♪]
[EXPLOSIONS
AND MACHINE GUN SHOOTING]
[EXPLOSIONS]
[HELICOPTER FLYING]
[BOMBING AND SCREAMING]
[STRIDULATIONS]
[BOMBING]
[SHOUTING]
[MILITARY BAND PLAYING]
[RAINING]
[TRIGGER AND GUNSHOT]
[MACHINE GUN
SHOOTING AFAR]
[EXPLOSIONS
AND MACHINE GUN SHOOTING]
[MACHINE GUN SHOOTING
GETTING LOUDER]
[SCREAMING AND EXPLOSIONS]
[AIRPLANE FLYING ABOVE]
[EXPLOSIONS
AND MACHINE GUN SHOOTING]
[WAR SOUNDS INTENSIFY]
[SILENCE]
[CHIRPING]
[CHILDREN PLAYING
AND LAUGHING]
[BABY CRYING]
[TELEVISION IN THE BACKGROUND]
[♪♪♪]
[TRADITIONAL MUSIC]
FLOWING HOME